Hey, what are you doing?
My daughter's pneumonia is still very serious.
How can you do that?
Haven't paid hospital bills for a week
The hospital is currently short of beds
You don't have to do it
I'll figure out how to pay for the hospital.
I haven't had my daughter's fluid surgery yet
If he leaves the hospital like this, he will die
You have a way
You don't have the money for surgery
What is this?
Go hey hey hey
Hey, what are you doing?
Hey, hey, hey.
What are you doing
Pack up quickly
The daughter of the richest man's family wants to live here
Arrange the ruins doctor at 10 o'clock tonight
Oops, the vice ladies are here
What!
They are also aircraft water
Mom is uncomfortable
It's alright, it will be fine soon, right?
Sister, take care of your sister.
Don't worry, Mom, I will take good care of my sister.
My brother wants to eat candied gourds
Scared at the thought of injections
Brother, please buy one for Shengsheng.
Today is your birthday
What about my brother? I'll listen to you.
You wait here for your brother
Don't run around, okay?
Brother hurts the most
younger sister
No matter how difficult
Mom will definitely save you